# Discord-Social-Profile-Bot

At the moment, discord servers lack a connection between them. Users have to introduce themselves each time they join and that can be a hassle. I set out to make a connection between servers that would improve user’s relationships with each other. I believe that discord should have the same features that most social media platforms have while maintaining the classic discord feel. To do this, I started with a cross-server profile that can be created by simply typing “`!register`” . After that is created, you can begin to fill in your profile with different pieces of information. I recommend you start with your bio. Your bio is going to be used for users on any server (with the bot) to look you up and see who you are. This serves as an introduction to a server. To set your bio, simply type "`!bio set [your bio]`". To lookup another user's bio, run "`!bio lookup [user]`". Next, you can add one bit of text that describes what your interests are. For example, I could say “`!interest [Overwatch]`”. That would set my interest to the game Overwatch. Any other user with that same interest could then run the command “`!find friends`”, this would give a list of suggested people that have similar interests. This is a good way to find out who you should hang out with online. Lastly, for some security things: The account system is made with SQLITE3. This means that it is secure. The login system is authorized by your discord account meaning that only you have access to edit your profile. A few other details include: You can change anything on your profile at any time. To lighten the mood a little, I added the “!joke feature” Get a dad joke whenever you are in the mood! It is recommended that you run it off of our machine as the user profiles will stay the same.

Feel free to message me at https://discord.gg/6ABTWk

Add the bot with this link: https://discordapp.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=592761539061350436&scope=bot&permissions=8
